welcome ladies and gentlemen to the wan
show this is what it looks like when
luke and i try to start half an hour
early
yeah we start on time
it's uh yeah it's that's quite the quite
the strat we got there am i right
yeah absolutely yep so i mean
basically basically i just didn't want
to be streaming until like 7 30 today
because i was i would i streamed for six
hours in a row yesterday uh rebuilding
my machine so it's it started out as an
innocent enough project i was gonna
like i i had wanted to just do like a
hey
um you know you're bored you're stuck at
home you know why not tear down and
rebuild your computer for fun and profit
right sure like that was kind of the
intention and i i opened up with a story
about how that was actually how i
learned to build a computer was
taking the machine that someone built
for me and then
tearing it down and putting it back
together and making sure that it still
ran that was like that was my first
scratch build was one that i had just
like hours before watched someone else
build for me
and so i kind of wanted to talk about
that and while i was at it i wanted to
fix some small problems that have been
bothering me about my build for the last
uh you know four and a half years ever
since i finished it uh i broke my power
button when i was installing my radiator
i wanted to fix that my radiators it
turns out weren't even mounted to
anything they were just sitting there so
because the screw holes hadn't lined up
correctly on the case that we had
manufactured because we sent them flawed
plans so that we wanted to fix that my
power supply didn't
didn't mount properly so whenever you
plug in a cable it would like push the
power supply in and like wrench on the
screws
so i wanted to fix that and then i was
like oh you know maybe i'll go hard-line
water cooling while i'm at it so i
decided today six hours later i was
still streaming but the good news is i
am actually bringing this show to you
right now from that machine it is
working fine
just fine and i even upgraded my memory
today because people were shaming me
oh i got i got system memory shamed
yesterday
because
because i had the you know the audacity
to run you know this plebeian
corsair dominator
memory
that runs at a mere uh 26 66 megahertz
cl-15
okay people were people were real
unhappy about that because i am running
a ryzen
um
3900x and well linus um actually ryzen
really benefits a lot from faster memory
i'm like i know but it benefits actually
it benefits a lot from faster memory in
the same way that like you know your car
benefits from
going and
getting it tuned at a shop it's like yes
yes it it does but for 99 of people that
difference is not something that is
noticeable and or meaningful
so we'll be fine it doesn't matter it
doesn't matter but it's out so it's out
now it's gone
it is very old memory served me very
well this is gen six so this was
optimized for like the 6700k
in terms of like the sub timing
optimization stuff like that that xmp
profile is basically worthless but i'm
running some new g skill rgb stuff now
it's all good and you know what else is
good the show that we've got for you
guys today we've got we've actually got
a lot of good news today nvidia's ampere
a100 has been announced
freaking exciting we're getting a whole
new graphics card architecture also
unreal engine 5 got demoed and it looks
absolutely jaw-dropping i took all the
good stuff so why don't you go with the
totally silly thing
that's the totally silly thing you mean
lg working on a new dual screen phone
that swivels horizontally speaking of
jaw dropping i think we might have
similar reactions today yeah yeah
so tsmc is potentially allegedly maybe
planning to uh open a fab in the u.s by
2023. yeah but who said this
i don't i don't know
okay well can we can talk we can talk
more about that we can talk more about
that later in the meantime let's roll
that
[Music]
intro space raisin says exactly on time
proof of pre-recorded
hi twitch why are you going on why are
you going on youtube sending a super
chat to say hi to twitch
that doesn't even make any sense you
know you want to say hi to twitch just
go on twitch say hi to twitch no one no
one's stopping you from doing it all
right why don't we jump right into our
very first topic of the day this was
post by igor mp on the forum and in an
announcement at gtc that totally didn't
rip off our kitchen set
did you see that
no i didn't jensen jensen he ripped off
our jam okay so he was in his kitchen
working on computer stuff not wearing a
leather jacket okay who else do you know
who else do you know who hangs out in a
kitchen doing computer stuff and who
doesn't wear a leather jacket
clearly
but wait he is wearing a leather jacket
is he wearing a leather jacket in that
video he is not yeah no he is no he
isn't
uh hold on jensen cooking hold on hold
on cooking
where where is it no no that's not
leather that's not leather that's a
puffy jacket
what that's a puffy jacket
i'm watching the same video he's 100
wearing a leather jacket i'm i'm
bringing i'm bringing the people in i'm
bringing the people and they're going to
validate this from the 2020 keynote part
one he's wearing a leather jacket window
capture no no i'm talking about i'm
talking about before that okay i'm
talking about this one where he's
cooking up something in his kitchen or
whatever see he's not wearing a leather
jacket
see
this is oh
freaking fancy is that stove this is
what i'm i know right what the heck nice
nice kitchen hey bro
look at that
look at that gorgeous kitchen look at
that gorgeous graphics card he's taken
out of there it's beautiful i love it
why
um
let me get rid of this all my wares yeah
i know right anyway so he's so i'm just
saying that i think that my case
for him ripping off my likeness for
profit is at least as strong as lindsay
lohan's against rockstar
okay
sure no i'm sold 100
i'm on board
so i would join this class action i
don't know i don't know if you guys
remember this but this was this was a
whole thing back in absolutely grand
theft auto which grand theft auto was
that again five grand theft auto five
there you go so this was the whole thing
she was all like yep this is clearly
this is clearly ripping off my likeness
and uh she tried to sue them for
i can't remember if it was just money or
whatever anyway she lost
and i would and i would lose two and
that's okay because at least to make me
feel better i've got some great news
about new graphics cards
so here we go
uh ampere a100 is an sxm4 based add-in
card destined for the data center and
super computers and this is probably a
little disappointing to the gamers out
there especially given the
arguably misleading title on today's wan
show but we're actually referring to
something else not this
that's right there's there's more and
it's true um
so disappointing to those folks is the
fact that this is not a desktop based
debut for ampere in the form of the rtx
3000 series that's what we're assuming
it's going to be called but it does give
us at least some hints as to what we can
expect from an ampere-based gpu so
there's a few things that we can talk
about with the a100 first it can
efficiently scale to thousands of gpus
or be partitioned into seven gpu
instances using
multi-instance gpu or i love this
mig technology
you want to use some mig technology
there luke
uh yeah dude
nvidia is claiming a six times
performance improvement out of the box
in burt deep learning training over
previous generation voltage gpus and up
to 20 times higher performance in tensor
float precision workloads with an
additional 2x boost using mixed
precision and 16 bit floating point and
you know what
even like two weeks ago i probably would
have said
gee nvidia thanks for you know what
let's let's say a month ago let's say a
month ago i probably would have said g
nvidia thanks for all the ai bull that
you're putting into your consumer
graphics cards that i honestly have
no use for like where's my frames per
second right
but in the last three weeks alone
i have seen
let me let me just try and think i have
seen three or it's not three weeks
whatever the last month or so i have
seen three very compelling uses for
their ai on the desktop first of all
dlss 2.0 is way better than dlss gen 1.
it actually doesn't suck now like you
can run a game at a lower resolution and
it will faco upscale itself in a way
that is shockingly convincing number one
right there number two i watched them
use their deep learning up sampling on
the shield to make 1080p content look
not quite native 4k but
boy is it close to the point where
you know if it was
i
i don't know it's like this weird fine
line because
there's the people who would not never
notice the difference between 1080 and
4k
anyway and then there's the people who
would notice the difference between 4k
and this upscaled stuff and i would say
that nvidia's up sampling is going to
appeal to kind of 80 of the people who
could tell the difference but aren't
like that sensitive if that kind of
makes sense do you catch my drift
so you're it's not going to make any
difference for the people who just
couldn't tell at all anyway but for
everyone who could tell i think you
could take most of that chunk and say
yeah they're gonna they're gonna be
convinced by their ai up scaling and
then the big one is of course rtx voice
now rtx voice absolutely diarrheaed all
over itself for my stream yesterday but
i'm not gonna blame rtx voice for that
because i think it might have actually
been to do with the fact that i was
running my rtx gpu in a thunderbolt
enclosure that also had usb ports on it
that i also had additional capture
devices running through
because blah blah blah long story i
didn't have enough thunderbolt ports and
i had too many capture devices for the
stream
um so you know that was a problem but
rtx voice the way that it blocks out
background noise absolutely freaking
fantastic and i am i am legitimately
excited to see what kind of ai tricks
nvidia can pull out of their butts and
uh work into my desktop experience
uh what else is going on here additional
2x boost using mixed precision and
bit floating point blah blah blah nvidia
also claims that for other high
performance compute applications new
double precision tensor cores
enable a reduction of a 10 hour
simulation on volta to 4 hours on ampere
and compared to volta ampere has 35
percent more cuda cores now that is
going to translate directly to gamers 78
higher memory bandwidth that's going to
be good for gamers double the envy link
links
probably less applicable for gamers sli
is dead
and is on the seven nanometer tsmc node
so we should expect potentially higher
clock speeds and a better efficiency
um let's see if there's just anything
else that you guys will actually kind of
care about here
the expansion of tensorflow capabilities
blah blah blah better deep learning
capabilities oh yeah okay so anthony
threw in some some commentary about how
yes this better ai could mean more
technologies like
deep learning super sampling but i
already i already talked about that
which is cool so
luke
place your bet how long is it going to
be before we get a desktop ampere
graphics card and you're ready to
upgrade to touring because everybody's
offloading their tourings
holiday
you think you think holiday this year i
you know i
i was really i don't know wow you have
so much confidence because i i was kind
of all over the place on this one i was
thinking either like a month from now
because nvidia has done that before like
gone new gpu new gpu new gpu new gpu
like all the way down the family kind of
four to six weeks apart they've they've
pulled that move
um but then
i was also kind of thinking well they
don't have a competitor
at all right now like they could just
wait till next year for all they care
realistically
so
so you say holiday
do you care to name it care to name a
month i want to hear it what month
november you say november
okay so
are they going to try to hit why would
you try to hit a holiday why what's your
motivation you're jensen you're jensen
huang you're wearing a leather jacket
okay okay go you know put yourself in
character yeah yeah incredibly beautiful
stonework around my incredible stove
behind me yeah
glowing in the sunlight uh and i'm
telling my team that i think we should
wait for holiday because
uh no competition right now
and uh the covid
grab to buy pc parts i haven't looked
into it but i'm assuming it's starting
to slow down a bit um and now we might
be settling into a lower funds across
the board state for covid so people like
the the purchasing of these parts might
be going down
i'm not sure these are these are
assumptions that i'm making right now
sure he would know though just
for painting the scene sure yeah yeah
yeah you're in the character you got to
get in character yeah yeah yeah um and
then i would i would aim for this
holiday not for next year because uh i
mean you might as well yeah
you can kind of line up with the the
early enough purchases for people that
are going to be buying relatively early
for potential christmas stuff
and i think people are a little bit
looser with their wallets around that
time anyways can i give my guess for why
i now that you've said holiday i 100
agree with you that that's what they're
they're going to do
okay i think i think he wants to crap on
the upcoming console launches
because
he's already talked some smack we've
heard jensen talk smack about how like
yeah that performance tier has existed
for a while it's called an rtx 2080 lol
um
yeah i i i think there's some more smack
talk we're gonna talk about later on in
this show but yeah honestly that's a big
one too yeah i would i would definitely
i'm on board with that i think he's the
kind of character you know he's got it
remember he's got his leather jacket
okay i think he's the kind of character
that would want to get on stage and say
hey
cool cute console that's nice good job
um you know if you want something twice
as powerful team green you know
suckas he would absolutely love to do
that yeah um i'm sure you'd be into that
that's some strong logic i like it i do
have a quick super chat that i need to
read um the real smiley says don't waste
your money on a super chat it will not
be acknowledged even a 50 one i did it
to test to see on his last live stream
first time i've ever paid money to
comment lol how dumb of me you're
welcome
so yeah i didn't see your super chat but
i did see that so now there you go
there's your shout out smart guy how you
feel now
all right let's uh let's move on to our
next topic here
um
unreal engine 5 demo want to give us the
run through here this is
super exciting
it's it's kind of
long actually there's there's a bunch of
stuff going on i i suggest you you watch
the video i will say uh engine videos
unless you're watching them with
somewhat of a trained eye uh might not
mean a ton but it looks really nice so
might as well check it out uh it's it's
epic games released this footage and it
is specifically from it is an unreal
engine 5 running on a playstation 5
console that's the like important flex
that's going on here and this is very
cool i say this every time i'm going to
say it again this is very cool for
console players as well because or sorry
for pc players as well because the
further consoles push
things will look better on pc yeah even
when like every time a new console comes
out they get really close or surpass the
the price point value that pcs are going
to be at that time but then over time
pcs supersede by a huge amount 100 and
and games are just going to look better
in general so this is fantastic uh
i'm going to read directly from notes
here for a second visualize micro
polygon geometry oh we've had a lot of
fun word combinations in this land show
so far which allows developers to use
film quality meshes as sources and you
can see in the demo things do look very
very good
which with each comprising hundreds of
millions of polygons
they talk about nanite scales lots of
lots of
ability to put huge amounts of polygons
and and tons of varied objects across
the screen at the same time uh
developers no longer need to bake
details to normal maps in order to
maximize detail um this better overall
global illumination they give some
examples of that in the video as well it
allows fully dynamic multi-bounce
lighting that immediately reacts to
scene and light changes that lighting
looks incredible can i just i'm gonna
let you finish but like wow
it looks really good you want to demo it
you can see i've got it up right now
okay yeah they're they're watching
they're watching
huzzah um the lighting is the lighting
demo is really cool uh it can benefit
from developers trying to improve their
games as well as uh to make the final
title more reactive to player inputs
which is great allows developers to
iterate in real time without having to
wait for light map bakes to finish
saving huge amounts of time it probably
does
this new technology is not a next-gen
exclusive and will scale to work on a
variety of both old and new platforms
also cool especially with the uh the new
xbox thing that makes it so you can buy
a game and it's available on a variety
of platforms so if you're sticking with
your current console for a little while
and you buy these new games when you
move to your next con like it should the
new game should look better on your
current console and when you move to the
next console you'll be able to keep your
games nice little combination
but the spiciness i kind of plowed
through a lot of that to the spiciness
this is the the fun part to discuss on
the lan show um
they are claiming the new ssds on the
next gen consoles will allow huge
complex large-scale worlds that will be
streamed into the machine in incredible
detail without you really noticing
things popping in in the traditional way
that you would yeah and sweeney said the
storage architecture on playstation 4 in
playstation 5 is far ahead of anything
you can buy on any pc for any amount of
money right now and it's great to see
that sort of innovation that's gonna
help drive future pcs
they're gonna and then this part i i
was trying to cross-reference this quote
and i haven't watched this part of the
video yet
but it says they're going to see this
thing ship and realize oh wow m2 ssds i
need to catch up with it we have m2 ssd
again i haven't watched that part of the
video and i need to need to find that
exact comment and i've been trying to
reference more comments about this on
the future uh on the internet since then
but
yeah the ps5 uses a pcie 4.0 ssd that
reaches speeds of 5.5 gigabytes per
second
i'm back
what'd you get sorry i was gone i was
gone i was gone i was uh
oh
hold on first of all first of all i just
i want to pull up the demo again for a
second here because this is just
so mind-blowing okay so you can see with
the
the global illumination so cool to be
clear global illumination is not the
same thing as
ray tracing
necessarily
so you can have light bounce without
necessarily being photon by photon
but this is so cool so they show
this is the light source
and then basically
everything else is lit
by that light source which is that hard
light from the sun
bouncing that's how it works in the real
world
i remember talking to brandon about this
for a while
or a while back when we were building
our
are set at the office that's kind of set
up like a like a condo and i was like
brandon why can't we just have like a
handful of lights set up and then you
know kind of like if i was just in my
house
you could just kind of
have those ones be the kind of the base
lighting and then we can just add as
needed but it's like kind of ready to go
at any time he's like well the issue is
that
because we have no way of routing you
know the the power of the sun into our
studio unless you want to buy like you
know 2 000 watt lights and point them
through the windows so that they
actually like bounce off the floor and
walls and and globally illuminate the
place you're just not going to get it
and you're going to end up with all
kinds of other issues that i didn't care
as much about like oh you're going to
you know the color of your floor is
gonna color the light and blah blah blah
i was like yeah i mean we're just
looking for sort of like a bass line
here but anyway that's how real lighting
works and that's why it looks so natural
and that's why it's so much work to
recreate that effect with studio
lighting because you have to have this
understanding of light and the way it
bounces in the way that it interacts
with things that um you know i had never
i just never really thought about um
from a film perspective anyway uh you
know a number of years ago when we were
first talking about this and so seeing
it done
this way
dynamically
um
in a demo that is actually running on
what will be production hardware that
you can buy for presumably console
pricing
in a couple of
you know quarters here
is just
mind-bending um
with that said
you know why do you know why does
someone like tim sweeney like how many
billions of dollars is he worth like
why does he need to why does he need to
say stuff that's just like
demonstrably false you know
like how fast is that how fast is the
storage of the ps5
5.5 gigabytes per second 5.5 gigabytes
per second all right so there's a little
um there's a little uh video platform
you might have heard of it it's called
float plane um
yeah there's a there's a team working on
that over there good good people good
people you know it's a little slow but
they're good people they're nice people
you know um
so over on that platform there's this
creator he he didn't have a beard before
he's got a beard now the community's
kind of divided on whether he should
keep it
decent decent enough guy though um he
uploaded a video really clickbaity title
i can't stand that about this guy it's
very frustrating and uh the video is
called this is 50 times faster than your
pc holy [__] um
and he's got this ssd that according to
tim sweeney doesn't exist for any amount
of money
and it's just it's crazy because because
there there he is hold on a second here
i can i can screen share with you guys
look look at this guy look at this beard
look at this stupid face he makes his
thumbnail it's awful you've got that
question mark in there so so here's this
guy right
and he's holding it
just like that
that's a thing that tim sweeney said is
not real
um
but like
it's it's so funny because there it is
look it's in his hand actually no no no
that's a different one that's a slower
one look he threw that one away and that
one's also faster than the one tim
sweeney said doesn't exist
isn't that weird
like why do they do this you know you've
already you've already got enough money
to buy the earth and all the heavens why
do you need to sell out to sony to just
say stuff that's just not true at all
um also also you know that guy i happen
to actually know him pretty well
he dropped off in my house this
a little while ago
this is an ssd that is not only not only
as fast as the playstation 5's ssd but
is actually
at
1500 megabytes excuse me 15 000
megabytes a second
double the speed and yet here it is so
that guy's got one okay actually he's
got two
i've got one right here here's another
one
so that is three now that is three
pc ssds that are faster for any amount
of money i didn't say they were cheap
faster than the playstation 5 storage
system
look at that what a [__] what a funny
thing would you look at that isn't that
funny how that works
they're saying 5.5 gigabytes per second
read
and typical eight to nine gigabytes per
second compressed
okay
still slow just reiterating
anyway to be very clear uh was there
anything else that you wanted to talk
about with the unreal five demo because
i wanted to talk about the playstation 5
storage for sure some people in the chat
say i know i blew through some of the
earlier stuff i just wanted to get to
the controversial statement
[Laughter]
uh someone said global illumination has
existed in the past yes it absolutely
has absolutely has is a
new global global illumination solution
yes
i remember i mean global illumination
has been something that the gaming
industry has been trying to conquer
since well basically the gaming industry
existed um you know nvidia thought their
voxel-based global illumination was
going to take off back with maxwell to
my knowledge that never really gained a
ton of traction
although i don't actually know how
unreal engine 5 is doing it so um
yeah i will i would i would definitely
need to get into some deeper dives into
what exactly their implementation looks
like but with uh with their voxel-based
global illumination if i recall
correctly nvidia was taking more complex
objects and they were kind of having
them bounce as though they were much
simpler ones they like these volumetric
pixels um
so yes not not new like ray tracing is
new ray tracing is different but global
illumination is not new it's just that
that particular technique for it running
in real time at that level of detail
with
8k textures on a playstation
right
that's
crazy cool
now
i spent a fair bit of time mocking tim
sweeney's statement that the storage
architecture in playstation 5 is far
ahead of anything you can get in a pc
for any amount of money but that doesn't
change that what he's saying does is um
there's a kernel of truth in the
misleading statement and the kernel of
truth is that um compared to
any
pc that you would buy like off the shelf
yes it is faster and compared to any
mainstream pc it is much faster and will
be coming in at a price that is going to
uh and at a volume that is going to
change the way that game developers
utilize storage that's what he's trying
to say even if he ended up making a
really stupid statement in order to say
it
two thousand dollar really fancy packed
uh ssds are not necessarily what most
people are considering when they're
building computers and technically
uh
we haven't
been able to like fully see
in action as far as far as i know
the the the real capabilities because
he's talking about the the architecture
of the whole thing uh so like
interconnects between the ram and then
and the more long-term storage and
everything else but you're getting a
little nuanced at that point and we
don't have enough data to pick at there
as far as i know i'm sorry did you say
two thousand dollars because uh this is
more than that
how much is that one uh i can't find a
u.s price for it i'm not sure if it's
strictly speaking available but i found
a u.s listing for it that was over 3 000
australian dollars i don't know exactly
what the conversion is there though um
anyway the point is
you know what he's trying to say i think
is that
by having so much faster storage on hand
and knowing that they can count on
having fast storage available on hand
and remember none of this would be worth
anything if microsoft wasn't also
putting very fast storage in the
upcoming xbox even if it's not quite as
fast i mean it's all kind of a
measuring contest at that point anyway
um because game developers
especially considering that they're both
running the same cpu and gpu are not
going to be you know foundationally
designing their games differently if the
playstation and the xbox don't both have
the ability to take advantage of it and
the pc2 now that uh pc storage is and
has been quite a lot faster than
consoles which have been stuck with hard
drives for the longest time so
um so this this reliance on having this
base functionality is going to change
the way that they can handle things like
as luke was mentioning earlier uh
textures instead of having that pop in
being able to load let's say for example
many many more different versions of of
an asset so that you can swap them out
extremely quickly as you are moving
towards them so that it's much less
jarring you know that's just one very
rudimentary example of how you could do
something like that if you know you can
count on very high speed storage another
really cool thing that you could do if
you can count on high speed storage not
to mention a faster cpu
is you could actually start to design
games with much much faster load times
because that's something that you're
gonna run into these days is you can
have i like i could put this i could put
this in my computer and most of the
games that i run would still have
abominable load times you wanna know why
yes yes oh thank you luke thank you luke
it's because it's primarily
no it's primarily cpu bottlenecked
on decompressing the game assets as
you're firing up a game is primarily cpu
bottlenecks because
it's been all about compressing that
data down as much as possible to deliver
it over a network for example or to
squeeze it onto a console hard drive so
people can
install as many games as they as they
can on their you know 500 gig or one
terabyte drives or whatever the case may
be and there has been no compelling
reason to say okay um well you know what
we should do then is we should uh we
should uh unpack more of these assets
and then we should just stream them
uncompressed while the player is playing
because there was no option to do that
because the hard drive wasn't fast
enough so you had these you had these
two bottlenecks that were present you
had a cpu bottleneck anytime you needed
to unpack something and then you had a
storage bottleneck if you decided okay
you know what to heck with it i'm going
to unpack it early and i'm just going to
stream all the assets in well you
couldn't do it anyway because a modern
two and a half inch hard drive is still
limited to 150 to 200 megabytes a second
best case scenario so this is going to
change the way that they can they can
load assets into games and i don't think
that crediting sony with changing the
gaming industry here makes a ton of
sense and his statement that there is no
ssd for any amount of money that's as
fast as this is really stupid because
this is just this is literally
wired to the cpu that's what it is it is
wired directly to the pci express bus on
the cpu and if you imagine for a second
that sony's cpu in the playstation is
not just an amd chip running pci express
then you're a fool
like that's all there is to it
i'm going to be i'm going to be that guy
do it
do it a little bit to do it now
i was probably wrong in the pre-show
when i said i was i was loud but um
apparently he doesn't technically
technically
say it's faster
far ahead okay um what does far ahead
mean i don't know so if i were to say if
i okay look look let's just think for a
second if i were to say usain bolt usain
bolt is far ahead of the other
competitors on the track what does that
mean
okay
yeah if i were to say if i were to say
um you know for example
that i i don't know any people who drive
cars for a living so i'm gonna go with
danica patrick that's the only one i'm
familiar with okay if i were to say that
she was far ahead
of the competition what what would that
what would that mean
firehead and endorsements
i mean he's probably far ahead in
endorsements right now yeah i think he's
doing all right
but
yeah i don't know it's it's we'll we'll
have to see what it actually translates
into i don't suspect much uh i don't
suspect anyone's going to
load up a pc and go oh or a ps5 and go
like oh wow how am i going to catch up
with this i don't think that's going to
happen
yeah i mean either right but
i mean hopefully it's there hopefully
they make leaps and strides
leaks leaps and strides in terms of
architecture and then if they do
anything uh that that's like really
transformative with their memory
architecture hopefully it comes to pc
yeah
i mean it may not be possible i mean
there there is an advantage to running
your own operating system i mean we
showed uh we showed when we fired up our
new onex storage server that
just because you're running the same
ssds wired into the same pci express bus
doesn't mean that you get the same
error-free operation
from one operating system to another one
so it is possible that sony will be
looking at a significant performance
advantage
with their implementation based on the
software side of things but i guess what
i'm what i was mostly trying to say in
my tongue-in-cheek way is that
if they're 30 ahead that's not going to
result in a 30 difference in how these
games are gonna run on the playstation
um
foundationally everything is going solid
state which is going to be a huge
advantage but past that we're going to
be looking at a point of diminishing
returns
they they they talked about um how they
they worked to remove any bottlenecks
that current ssds have and like all this
other kind of stuff and and that that's
fantastic and i hope it works for them
but um
yeah yeah
i'm on i'm one linus aside with the with
the overall
i don't know about the like oh wow how
am i gonna catch up on pci there's no
way i could buy anything that's this
good meanwhile microsoft doesn't even
consider them a competitor anymore sick
burn
what do you what do you think
way ahead of everything yeah with with
minimal information
xbox one x or ps5
um like who do you think's gonna win the
war this time i think it's relatively
obvious that playstation one last time i
think sony goes in with the momentum on
their side uh you know because i mean
yeah yeah we can we can talk about the
ssd and the playstation 5 or the
graphics card in the xbox one series x
all day
but at the end of it all what makes
someone choose one console versus
another one okay i'm gonna i'm gonna put
down three things and i'm gonna see if
you say the same three things okay all
right hold on hold on hold on hold on i
can see there you can see you can see it
how can you see it i covered it because
i'm on the same dock as you oh okay
don't don't look at it don't look at it
covered it with my hand okay well don't
look at it okay
uh okay
i was like wow my screen sharing right
now cause i'm looking at the obs window
i'm not screen sharing right now are you
magic are you magic okay so you probably
saw the first one but you were gonna say
that anyway so go ahead hit me hit me
what are your three items that determine
which console you buy
i said games slash exclusives okay
bundling those as one thing yep uh
bundles slash price which i'm also
bundling is kind of one thing
and then
friends
okay so i had exclusives whatever your
friend group buys so we were overlapping
on two of them and then i actually had
controller as a major
determinant of which console you would
prefer
because there's so many games that are
cross-platform now that i could see
people choosing one or the other
assuming pricing and bundles are similar
based on well you know i really prefer
the xbox so i really prefer the
playstation controller bundles and price
that's another big one so
nowhere in any of that was
uh who has the fastest you know
ssd right yeah that it's not in there
because that's not why people buy by
game consoles at the end of the day so i
think that to me exclusives
is going to be
the thing that puts the momentum in
on sony's side because if i played you
know the the the last um
oh man i haven't owned a playstation
since the playstation 2. okay sure i
played some uncharted game or whatever
and i'm i'm invested in this series now
you know i'm a playstation user um
i think there's a strong chance i buy
the new one
yeah that makes sense and and i would
agree with that i someone in in chat
said uh the controllers are all good now
it's not really the point yeah i think
controllers have been all good for quite
a while yeah um i the the controller
thing
for me at least it's it's all about the
thumb stick positioning and there's a
huge difference between the two and it
doesn't matter that the playstation
controller is good for me it's it's the
positioning of the thumb sticks
throws off the usability of the
controller by a massive amount for me
personally because i'm so used to those
offset thumbstick positions
and so that's actually a pretty big deal
it's not a fanboyism thing but it is a
muscle memory thing that makes a big
difference as as a gamer like you know
if you're used to a keyboard and mouse
or if you're used to uh inverted look
for example if someone changes your
control scheme and you are anything but
you know a very entry-level gamer it's
it's going to muck you up and so if
you're used to the symmetrical
thumbsticks you're there's a there is a
chance that that could be a determining
factor for you to just say okay well all
other things being equal i'm just i'm
just going to play station
i i've got my xbox controller to work on
uh the playstation 4 when i was using
the playstation 4 because of course
you're gonna be so nuts
yeah
okay
and but like the
the average user isn't going to do that
it was actually a pretty fun project and
it worked very well but
um
yeah it's not going to be a normal thing
you know what is going to be a normal
thing
sponsors talking about our sponsors oh
yes oh yeah uh i do want to talk about
some more console stuff after though
because my kids have been playing with
my old game gear so don't let me forget
all right
the show today is brought to you by
manscaped
hey luke do you need some uh do you need
to do some manscaping over there i
noticed your bangs are uh they're
banging
they're uh wow they're uh they're pretty
they're pretty long i mean it's mostly
for body hair and stuff but like i'm
pretty sure the lawnmower the lawnmower
3.0 could get you taken care of up there
too you know up there and down there
manscaped makes manscaping safe and easy
with their perfect package 3.0 kit that
includes everything you need to take
your grooming routine to the next level
their lawnmower 3.0 trimmer features
their skin safe technology with
replaceable soft ceramic blades that cut
coarse hair at 7000 rpm it's got a
rechargeable 600 milliamp hour battery
and it's waterproof with wireless
charging
um and it's low vibration and operates
quietly you can get this or their
perfect package 3.0 that includes the
trimmer and more at the link in the
video description so that's offer code
wan for 20 off and free shipping
and you'll find that down below get it
lol haha i got it it's a joke
show is also brought to you by
squarespace squarespace gives you the
tools you need to build and grow your
online presence no matter what kind of
website you're building whether you do
photography services on the side or
whether you're trying to
sell you know stuff that you make online
squarespace has got you covered so more
people can find out about you you want
to create a blog go for it you can build
a website from scratch within minutes
and you can get a domain quickly through
squarespace if you need one or port over
an existing domain that you already own
um
get started with a free 14-day trial and
head over to
squarespace.comwhen to get 10 off your
first purchase the show is also brought
to you by disc plate you like metal put
it on your wall
that's it no i'm kidding i will do the
actual proper i will do the proper
display uh talking points oh shoot one
thing that i have to do is add a browser
share and
window capture
e there it is
sweet
adds display they've got many many
different arts spanning a ton of
different styles here's a whole bunch of
like star wars stuff if for whatever
reason you're still into that dead show
um what else we got to say about disc
plate uh they've got an easy magnetic
mounting system there's no holes in the
wall and it's replaceable they plant a
tree for every display purchased and for
may only they're offering official star
wars prints for up to 40 off using code
empire 40. just click the link below and
check those out just show everybody you
know how tasteless you are um
the majority i'll talk about this after
sorry all right i'm done you know what
in all seriousness though this plate has
something for absolutely everyone if you
like star wars i'm not gonna shame you
yet
okay now the sponsor spot's over now i'm
gonna shame you okay so did you they
don't even have anything for the new
star wars stuff well why would they
it's all old star wars well that makes
sense doesn't it good one
okay so
did you see
did you see that twitter exchange
star wars story heads response to canon
complaints
did you see did you not see this
no holy crap this is freaking
awesome so uh one of the one of the
story heads uh so lucasfilm story group
creative executive matt martin
told us on twitter told fans to chill
when it comes to canon
because
the way he sees it you can just kind of
like have your own head cannon you know
you can you can include whatever you
want or don't want to because it's all
fake anyway
which pretty much
your face is so perfect right now i love
it which pretty much amounts to like
you guys are a bunch of nerds why do you
even care so much about this
talk about completely having no concept
no understanding whatsoever of your
customer and your fan base and then
opening your mouth and demonstrating it
for the entire world to see
he basically said
yeah at this point we understand that
none of it makes any [__] sense
and we've given up and so should you
because who cares anyway it's all fake
of course it's fake it's a story that
doesn't mean that there isn't a value to
trying to tell a cohesive one and who
cares
dave filoni
right now
dave colony
just colony is what's holding all this
together
just brutal just absolutely brutal and
it's like i you know what i get it as
someone if i were to come in onto that
team right um
actually no i was about to say if i were
to if i were to join that team
i i might be i might just kind of go
yeah you know what forget it i give up
this none of this makes any sense so
we're just gonna have to just treat star
wars like
you know what it has become just kind of
making it up as we go and plot holes and
inconsistencies be damned because the
ship completely sailed you know
a long time ago
i don't think i could do it though who
wouldn't give up
okay fine
um
i just i just don't think
it would be
um
yeah i i i don't think i could do it
like if i if i if okay so so you know
total total miracle you know someone a
decision maker at disney is is watching
this right now and they're like hey this
guy seems to have his act together let's
put linus in charge okay they bring me
in tomorrow i would probably scrap
like
oh man i would do some i would do some
controversial stuff man so a i would
scrap the entire sequel trilogy because
um i actually was very controversial i
actually came up with well yes and no
there's like there's salvageable stuff
in there but i came up with this idea
like right out of the gate right out of
the gate the sequel trilogy makes no
sense whatsoever because
the notoriously racist empire
has finn as a soldier which is like why
so there was plenty of room for because
i know a lot of people are really upset
about the sequels because it felt like
disney was trying to hit a diversity
quota i actually don't mind that at all
there is nothing wrong with that this is
obviously a
gigantic galaxy full of you know
everything from from you know baby yodas
to
to humans to sarlax to whatever like it
that diversity is is actually like
core to star wars to me like if luke and
obi-wan wandered into that cantina okay
and it was full of like you know a bunch
of white dudes like them we're not gonna
be like oh wow what a cool what a cool
galaxy they've created that's totally
different from
somewhere that i could have walked down
the street and gone like that would have
been stupid diversity is is is
foundational um but i think they should
have just had rey and finn swapp
i think that and another thing too is uh
because the the ex-storm trooper had no
character development or story arc
whatsoever they should have had
killing all the stormtroopers what's
that
and has no issue killing all his yeah
exactly
i think that rey ray the the trooper
okay should have actually had like a
really dark history and we should see
her do
something awful before something happens
like some kind of some kind of catalyst
needs to take place here she's perfect
she would be perfect for it you actually
don't have to alter either of those
characters at all you just need to put
them in each other's roles you need to
let that romance blossom the way that it
was obviously supposed to
you need to let them both be force
sensitive the way that they were
obviously supposed to the other really
cool thing that this does for rey oh
yeah i totally forgot about this when i
was talking to someone else about it is
that it adds some legitimacy whatsoever
to the whole conflicted part of her
story
because
that whole thing where she's like
shooting force lightning one moment and
then force healing the next moment
is just it it just doesn't make any
sense it's just
stupid and you could be like oh well
yeah well it's just all fake it's like
yeah it's all fake but if i just wrote a
completely incoherent garbage screenplay
where nothing meshed with anything else
that would also be fake and it would
also be bad
so if she actually did something really
really awful at the beginning of that
movie you know she is
um she is kylo ren's or she's a knight
of ren okay like give her some kind of
significance
now
we're talking we've got kind of uh you
know bumbling finn getting kind of swept
up into into all of this you know maybe
maybe he falls for her in spite of the
fact that she's got this like evil side
maybe they work through that together
they both get actual character arcs as
it is so much more interesting
already
they've got nothing
and and you could you could have done
all of that without even upsetting the
people that are like uh uh main
characters are are fulfilling diversity
quote as blah blah blah because
those actors in those roles would have
been fantastic and those stories would
have been ones that i would have wanted
to hear
as it was we had a stormtrooper who was
just like
you know honestly kind of a
and never actually did anything um who
then goes on to not really actually do
anything and it's just like a sequence
of events and i don't even i don't even
blame anyone this character is so wasted
completely completely wasted there's so
many ways even the like force sensitive
thing near the end which they teased so
many times throughout that movie and
then when you get out of it you're like
wait
that that was it and you know what the
issue too is though is that because i i
guess because of this attitude that it's
just all fake anyway so who cares um
they take so many liberties with the way
that
uh the way that the universe you know
works right um like i got really upset
when r2d2 spread to jetpacks in the
prequel trilogy for the same reasons
like if r2d2 doesn't have jetpacks to
launch himself out of the swamp on
dagobah in uh in empire strikes back
excuse me then he doesn't have jetpacks
to fly around and comically amuse the
kids um you know and bop the droids or
whatever and i think it's phantom menace
um but so many people complained about
how rey was like this super op force
user right
that was that was a common complaint we
can all agree on that
yeah and there was there was a lot of
speculation that like oh well it's
because you know they're trying to
pander to
um you know
people who think you know women should
have more leading roles or whatever else
it's all diversity quotas all diversity
quota no it's just bad storytelling and
they did it all over the place you know
look at the first scene where we meet
poe dameron
it's
ridiculous
do you remember it yeah during that
think about it right now yeah it's that
ground battle where he basically rips in
and is clearly like if we were to go
into the actual like files okay the
animation files the cgi we go in he's
ripping around at literally four x the
speed of anything else in the air flying
with reason for that this isn't that's
not when we first meet poe dameron right
is it i believe that's our first
introduction to him isn't it
i thought we we come in pretty early
with with finn coming off the ship and
they're fighting on the ground and like
poe shoots okay sorry okay whatever you
i think you're right i think you're
right so sorry the the one no not the
one where we meet him then the one where
he rips in with his x-wing when they're
fighting on the ground and just he meets
like the crew he meets the rest of them
no
the heroes no look headshots absolutely
everything flying around at triple to
quadruple the speed of anything else in
the air and you're looking at it going
yeah you're looking at it going well
that's just that's just stupid you know
the best pilots in the galaxy you know a
short 20 years ago or whatever
could not do that
right
um
almost certainly better training etc etc
and he's not force sensitive
well
theoretically i mean han is so who knows
[Laughter]
yeah so so you know what i i think i
think his attitude is basically why star
wars is dead to me and it should be dead
to you because if they don't care
at all about continuity and they're just
going to go in and
keep trying to
fix one thing while breaking three
others it is only going to get worse
yeah um i i
i don't know i i haven't i actually
haven't watched the new
um
star wars clone wars series that you
know
um but the feedback that i've been
seeing i've been trying to stay away
from spoilers because i want to watch it
all properly um but the feedback that
i've been seeing uh is is really
positive and the mandalorian was was
awesome and it was mediocre you were
just desperate
okay it's awesome compared to the three
most recent movies it's smallville in
space
that's fine
compare compared to the three most
recent movies i watched the whole thing
so like i clearly made it through it
like but it's it's it's smallville in
space it's monster of the week it's
buffy okay
okay it's the greatest thing ever but
it's going to be one of the three most
recent movies what do you think it's
bewitched
three most recent movies show right
bewitched is that that bewitched is that
that show where they're all like teen
witches or something and there's like a
monster and they have to defeat it i
haven't seen any of these shows so i
don't really charm charmed sorry it's
charming
not bewitched it's charmed it's
smallville that's what it is i don't
watch shows very often just compared to
the three most recent movies integer
overlord by the way just says hey
there's like 150 like expanded
or well previously expanded universe
books that manage to keep the story
straight here's an idea why don't you
just use that i know right
that's what everyone wanted them to do
there is there is a bunch of garbage in
there but there's also a lot of
awesomeness
i've had a really
good time going through the eu okay i'm
sorry i i was i really was being very
rude i wasn't listening to your question
hit me one more time one more time okay
okay compare the mandalorian instead of
instead of on its own yeah compare the
mandalorian against the most recent
three movies
it's much worse than firefly
okay yeah i mean yeah
it is it is maybe a third as good as
firefly
instead of comparing it on its phone
comparing case of most reason three
movies because there's some interesting
aspects there too
i mean if you think about it he has to
craft this show
while these movies are coming out
um yeah and and they he had to like
they had to work things into the show to
explain stuff that was gonna happen in
the upcoming movie right and there's
like there is things that happen in the
show that only happen in that show
because the upcoming movie was coming
yeah and they were like oh no
we
we need to do something um like when uh
when uh baby yoda force heals yeah
that's there because of the new movie
i read this whole thing about it they
were trying to like soft introduce it to
the community so that people didn't
freak out so much with the movie didn't
really save him at all but no it didn't
because it was still stupid because
there were still so many issues you know
like
why why didn't obi-wan just like force
heal qui-gon why didn't everybody just
force heal everyone ever
why didn't qui-gon just force heal
qui-gon yeah
himself because i mean there's all i
mean there's so many problems like we
could we could go and we could find
problems everywhere but just some of
them i don't find as offensive you know
like um
lightsabers for example the the openness
of a lightsaber has been a little bit
inconsistent okay so on the one hand
you've got luke and vader battling in
bespin right in cloud city um and luke
uh hits vader in the shoulder and it
doesn't like
cut off his arm all right
um yeah
then another example of you know
lightsabers not being you know super
duper op would be when uh qui-gon and
obi-wan are cutting their way out of the
room where they're being held right at
the beginning of phantom menace slow
right okay so these are instances where
are not of cutting the right of the room
cutting their way into the other room
whatever the point is they put it
through and it's like it takes a long
time to cut it it's more like like a
plasma plasma cutter at that point um
but then
sorry then there are just there are
instances where lightsabers seem to
slice through anything
instantly right so there are
inconsistencies but i can i can accept i
don't know if that's completely
fair yeah i don't know if the lightsaber
yeah because you don't know what that
stuff is made of and if you look at uh
like material science on earth there are
materials that will
will damage or cut or or scrape or
whatever certain other materials
instantly that look very similar to ones
that they will do next to nothing to um
and
i think another example of the the
openness
calculation uh the obi-wan's lightsaber
completely failing against vader
yes
there's there's very few times that we
see something like that again
it's mentioned in the eu a bit yep um
there's there's a really interesting
book with mace window where he has to
like recharge his lightsaber um
i don't remember what one it is but
it's a it's a bit of a it's an
interesting book it's kind of like a
thriller anyways so the biggest problem
is basically just that they they don't
have any consistency and it's so far
gone that i don't think anyone cares
anymore and so they're saying dave
nobody cares if we don't care then
no one should care
so
yeah i'm out the the saltier than crate
subreddit cares i'm done i think a lot
of other people care dave filoni cares
people still carolinas you know what i
care you know what our audience cares
about tech
so here it is lg should move back on to
tech lg is working on a new dual screen
phone that apparently swivels
horizontally
this
is this is a gem all right this is a gem
i'ma go ahead and screen show you guys
on this because i absolutely
love this thing here we go boom
right like that yeah you like that okay
so it swivels
it swivels 90 degrees so you can have
the best of both worlds while you also
have the worst the worst
[Laughter]
you can you can i've been informed it's
you can eat your cake and have it too
not you can have your cake and eat it
too so you get to eat your cake and have
it too and your cake is made of boogers
and your mouth is
your mouth is cut up with razor blades
before you eat it and there's lemon
juice okay that's the kind of cake
you're having and
that's this bone so the back of it
swivels out so you can use it in
in
portrait mode with a keyboard which is
the best way to use an on-screen
keyboard landscape is literally just
slower you just have to move your thumbs
farther um you know it's not like it's
making more room for more fingers or
anything so this is this is good and
then you could like
watch a movie or have like you know uh a
side by side multitasking experience or
whatever the case may be if you're into
that sort of thing and they are not
going to sell a lot of these and um it's
called the wing okay it's called the
wing because they're just winging it at
this point
hey
got em
it's so weird
i wanna hear from you
guys carne evil over on
it's hideous i'll take six
this is this is
like i don't even this doesn't matter at
all yeah the image that they used for
the background of the the currently
horizontal screen is horrible
yeah i don't even know what that is
i don't know it has like weird aliasing
going all over it i don't know there's
there's there's like weird blurry parts
for no reason
they just weren't trying at all i don't
know
yep so pretty similar to probably the
the idea of this phone in general it's
really surprising to me that the one
dual screen concept that works okay i
shouldn't say one because i haven't
actually tried microsoft's thing
microsoft's concept yet um but the the
one dual screen android concept that i
really liked having the screen on the
front and the back and then just one
camera instead of having a selfie camera
so that back screen is basically just to
like
use to preview your selfies um never
really took off with any manufacturers
that matter like it was all it was all
little ones that
uh that went for that whereas like if i
had the option to use my samsung
rear-facing shooter for my selfies
instead of having a punch a hole punched
in my main display
that would be so much better if all the
r d that has gone into hole punch
displays
and front-facing cameras could have just
been spent on making rear-facing cameras
better and putting a crappy small screen
on the back of the phone
that would have just been better in
every possible way
video chatting video chatting is an
application where it is not as good go
get your tablet
or or make the screen not that small and
crappy
if they release this
which it sounds like they're actually
going to wow
just just i mean just in in the verbage
that is being used i don't see any
statement that says we are definitely
releasing this phone they're just in the
verbiage that is being used yeah it
sounds like they're going to if they
release this will you
will you mainline it
for a certain period of time no uh yeah
i will
sure i'll i'll do it for the lulls i'll
do it
i'll do it
i love that that painful retraction
no i'll do it
[Laughter]
basically like a slider except worse in
every way it's got a snapdragon 700
series processor with 5g support so low
end low end chip
triple camera setup with 64 megapixel
primary sensor but it's lg so it's going
to be like
and the price is expected to be just
over 800 us dollars
in fairness i guess there's a lot of
validation that goes into building a bad
phone but um
hey they did it so you know they got to
get paid yo
yeah uh i have a actually a line off the
shelves you know what
in line with my uh my conversation
earlier about how super chats are
actually a great value they're not i
usually don't look at them because where
this is the wan show and we don't do a
ton of q a so i'm not actually defending
defending that um but in line with that
i actually do have a super chat that i
went out of my way to answer over the
course of this week because i didn't
have a good answer from someone last
week and it's kind of an interesting
discussion
so someone asked does demonetized
content get paid by youtube premium
subscribers do you remember talking
about this so if you yes if you've got a
yellow icon um
and someone with youtube premium watches
where there is no advertiser
relationship for youtube to worry about
do they still get your youtube premium
revenue and i got an answer back from
creator help and they said it depends on
what type of demonetization it is if
it's a copyright crime frame claim you
will not be able to earn any of the
revenue including premium that will go
to the copyright holder if it's a yellow
icon so that is to say that like
um
you've talked about the controversial
coronavirus at a time when that was
considered um i forget what it fell
under but it was it was you you weren't
eligible for monetization because it was
like uh
uh ah man
i don't i don't remember it doesn't
matter uh the point is yeah it was bad
news there that's that's about it um so
if it's something like that you should
be eligible to earn premium and it will
note so on the icon if you hover over it
so here's a screenshot that i can share
with you guys
which is cool
it's nice that their answer to that
question was like look at the thing
yeah check this out it's nice that that
wasn't hidden
this video is running limited or no ads
due to content identified as not
suitable but it remains fully playable
and is eligible to earn subscription
revenue from youtube premium youtube
premium really is one of the best ways
if you're not willing to
go over on float plane and support
creators it really is one of the best
ways to dramatically
increase
the amount of um contribution that
you're making to your favorite creators
and i'm not i'm not saying just me i'm
saying if you get a youtube premium
subscription
it completely changes the game i was
talking to our youtube uh contact
about uh here let me just find this um
blah blah blah blah blah blah
it had a few back and forth so i'm
trying to find the right one
but i was talking about how the heck it
is that some of our long format content
does so much better than our shorter
videos when it comes to
adsense
and he basically said well i think
you're not digging deep enough into the
analytics because
i thought that even though we don't run
mid rolls on our long format content
i thought that for some reason the fact
that it had
higher retention or something was
causing it to uh to pay out at a higher
rate
but it's not actually like that i need
to find this where is it
is she with view analytics no
um okay luke do you want to stall for
time for a little bit for me today while
i will i try and find this thing
tsmc
theoretically allegedly potentially
planning on opening a fab in the u.s by
2023 it would be a 12 billion dollar
construction in arizona
they're planning to produce five
nanometer chips starting in 2023
expected capacity is to be 20 000
silicon wafers per month uh this would
have to be
heavily subsidized uh it is unclear
exactly how much but according to tsmc
chairman mark liu it is more expensive
to operate in the u.s unsurprising uh
than taiwan or the or or china i presume
so the company will require major
subsidies
this is apparently in in in the works
potentially because there are fears that
intel will build its future chip plants
in china or taiwan uh experts believe
that it is crucial for the u.s to invest
more in favs like taiwan and china and
israel actually as well have done
and with ramping tensions with china
that that kind of makes sense um
apparently it's already confirmed wow
um as quick okay okay so this is pretty
sweet so here's one one quick thing
sorry i just want to finish um ian cut
dr ian kutra said uh by this time five
nanometer won't be the leading edge but
it will take some of the volume pressure
off of taiwan's fabs 20 000 wafers uh
wafer starts per month it's nowhere near
the gigafabs that do a hundred thousand
that's assuming they break ground at all
i have my doubts well apparently it's
been confirmed it is three years out we
will see if they actually do break
ground but yeah the lower production
amounts etc etc
yeah okay so this is interesting as it
sounds this is this is pretty
interesting uh there's two videos here
uh back to the how much of a difference
youtube premium makes i've got two
videos here one of them is building an
epic portable gaming rig at home that's
a video that performed quite well for us
about around 2 million views and then
there's another video um
oh wait no it's about one million one
million and then there's another video
ultimate ikea gaming desk that did about
two million and i sent these over to our
rep because i was confused i said here's
the thing ultimate ikea gaming desk did
uh let's let's use let's use x okay did
3x
revenue okay at 2 million views
and building a portable gaming rig at
home did 2.5 x revenue at 1 million
views
so at half the views it was 5 6 of the
revenue
crazy right so i had been attributing
this to
just
uh you know long format even though we
don't run mid rolls but what it actually
turned out to be
was that hold on let me make sure i've
got the color coding right here ah yes
okay so the ultimate ikea gaming desk
the two million view video did about
double
the adsense so the like partner ad
revenue of the other one it was right in
line because we don't run mid rolls
and then building an epic portable
gaming rig at home
even though it had half as many views
actually did about looks like about 20
more
than the one with twice as many views
crazy right
so those views
are actually worth
um like many many times like it's even
more extreme than i knew they're worth
many many more times especially for
longer format content where it's uh it's
weighted by watch time
so i thought that was very interesting
and i thought i would share that with
you guys
because uh someone asked last week and i
said that i would get them an answer
cool
more more topics or super chats uh let's
get through some super chats
speaking of uh super champs
all right we've got at least a few in
here that we definitely gotta do
tylergate says it's 1am and i'm still up
so i figured what the hey why not
finally watch this live heck yeah
good work tyler yates
thanks oliver brody
nathan warnick says learned a new way to
eat corn oh lordy
oh man my son managed to make it on our
slash livestream fails yesterday
because he was eating a piece of corn by
putting the entire end of the corn in
his mouth
and picking off with his front teeth one
kernel at a time and then taking it all
the way out and eating it and i was like
please stop
that's just like a
kids will be kids kind of moment
yeah
i know
but it's just unfortunate you should
have seen me eat a pickle when i was
like you know
eight years old like it is what it is
but
yeah
now it's live um yeah exactly that's
that's gonna be kind of the unfortunate
thing about his generation i think
yeah now there's a clip of it on
livestream fails
and like
there's also so much content that i
actually have in some ways a harder time
finding an old meme these days
depending how viral it went you know
yep yep that's fair robert mail it's not
gonna make it go any faster dude um
tommy gun heard you need a new ratchet
screwdriver
uh i can't say anything but i don't
oh that's all i have to say about that
uh what else we got here dom r last week
uh luke said the more we bug you about
stuff the more it will happen i want
when show shirts
it's not how it works big facts it's not
how it works luke lied to you
hashtag likeness
yeah
uh lost boyo says sorry to hear about
ltt men uh take my money in other forms
i think you mean ltx and thank you wow i
was a 50 super chat you crazy
uh lucas says well loving the work from
home videos my kids have the same toy
kitchen and also wreck the faucet in the
same way yeah they're so cheap
it's like it's hard to find like good
quality kids toys you know
uh terry says folding at home numbers
are down we're trailing default in daily
production come on
come on team
let's get folding again
actually the motherboard failed in our
monster folding rig so we got a new one
in but it's going to take a while with
all that water cooling in it to get it
swapped out so there's that
uh mendeledi is linus luke's little
brother no
we don't even look that similar like
look at us
you have a beard now you have blue eyes
yeah it happens
like you're blonde
uh jensen's
hr penguin says jensen should reveal the
3080 ti by pulling it out of the
microwave it is consumer level after all
i like it i'm into it i don't know if he
i mean his he might have a microwave if
they if they've made a microwave out of
like volcanic glass and stonework i know
right sure if they have i don't know if
it would match his kitchen otherwise
sergeant amos thank you very much
adazin i recently watched the video
where you re-soldered ryzen cpu pins and
noticed that when they're removed it
looks like an lga chip at that point
would it fit into an intel motherboard
heck no heck no they would not be they
would not be intel compatible just by
removing the pins
the real smiley says
you busted me being a black lioness i
retract my statement on super chats buy
super chats thank you real smiley i know
i'm not actually endorsing the statement
you're making there because generally
speaking they're not a great value and
we often forget to get to them but uh
hey at least you got your money's worth
i guess
baldo says tafik lindan or lee chong wei
took off gada of course
all right so
the problem with that question is that
it only has one obvious answer
linden um but this is
okay that's that's how i feel about it
and there's nothing you can say to make
me change my mind
yes it's badminton
i'm going to recognize some of those
names i'm going back to badminton next
week
i want to spread my gyms
that you aren't so astronomically far
ahead of me football
but that's the opposite problem
yeah i was like
sure
well no what we have to do is we have to
pick up a new sport that's the trick
yeah yeah so we just have to try
something new can't be swimming because
you suck at that no offense
yep can't be badminton you're terrible
that's fine you could get better i think
i think you actually do have some
potential for badminton um i'm
definitely known to try for badminton
but it's going to be a painful beginning
it would be it would be like a 10-year
10-year battle you know yeah you'd have
to get continuously better over the next
10 years and i'd probably have to get a
little worse and i'd have to yeah i'd
have to that's see that's kind of the
issue is i'd have to get better at a
at a
at a rate that's
much higher than the rate that you are
actively getting better as well right
because yeah i'm going to keep training
so yeah there's that so okay we need
support we need sport recommendations
ladies and gentlemen
yeah
come on hit us up
sammy mcphone says i hate podcasts why
am i here because this isn't a podcast
this is far crappier than a podcast
and that's why you like it
kwang liu says stay healthy everyone rob
white says think we will see john again
in tech linked or will he be staying in
the u.s uh we bring john up um typically
twice a year at least we like to bring
him up for workation uh or like whatever
our corporate get-together is for the
year and we always bring him up for the
company christmas party um that's
something that's very important to me
having everybody there it's uh it's sort
of an inside joke atlantis media group
the christmas party is optional but you
better be there
[Laughter]
speaking of which
floatplane usually
not usually i guess there hasn't been a
ton of these uh last year and we were
going to do this moving forward yeah we
have the floatplane team meetup around
ltx because well
i know right people on the team are
gonna be interested in that so that's
not gonna work anymore and it's very
possible that around that time if we try
to do something at that time it would
still be very ill-advised to travel so
potentially the team meetup for float
plane this year is just off does anyone
have any ideas of what we should do so
far i have ideas but they're not that
great
um we do have some suggestions for
sports uh bowling okay i don't think i'm
white enough to bowl
yeah like seriously like to seriously
bowl
um pickleball i would destroy luke at
pickleball it's basically badminton done
uh frizz golf
i suck at it
me too okay first golf we have we have a
contender curling luke would
just absolutely wreck me at curling like
that would
no
it would not be pretty paintball
i actually okay okay i was yeah
i actually meant to ask you like a week
ago yeah if you would be interested i
was thinking airsoft because it's easier
to clean up and if you're doing it very
often yeah it would make more sense
but yeah
it's a good cardio sport you know what i
actually last season i um i
i forget why i did it i wanted to use my
paintball gun for something like just
target practice in the backyard or
something i found out it was broken so i
like
got it all sorted out i i fixed up my my
marker i oiled everything up i actually
got a new um i got a new tank because i
found a good deal on one i fixed up my
mask i got a backup mask i am like i am
ready to go to play some paintball
so
yeah a field
sport like that sounds really fun to me
i'm super down for some paintball um
cool
olenek says start the training montage
softball
i would actually love to play softball i
just don't think i can commit the time
to join the team
yeah a pickup game style sport would
probably be a better idea yeah
jc sand says game gear oh yeah i was
going to talk about that uh i dug an old
game gear out it's not actually mine
from when i was a kid but it's like
obviously the same game like same game
console and my kids absolutely love it
even though we have a switch vr games
galore wii u like we've got so much
gaming gear in the house and yet
something about just the simplicity of
like two buttons
and a little thing that you just hold in
your hand they
they were like obsessed with it
yesterday it only came up because
there's this i think it's called
is it called the retrogen
uh crap no it's not retrogen hold on i
shot it this week so it's gonna be in my
in my trello here
uh but i shot a video ever kate it's
about the uh so evercade is this
handheld console that's got officially
licensed old games from like interplay
atari and like that kind of thing and uh
my son shot the unboxing with me for
short circuit and i promised him that he
could play with it after and then i went
and sent it back to the office
without remembering to let him play with
it and he was like oh well what the heck
dad and i was like oh well you know what
i've got what's basically the same thing
and i had this game gear just sitting in
the attic that i hadn't like touched
since i acquired it as a prop a while
back
and
as far as he was concerned it was the
same thing and then my daughters were
like well that's so cool and they were
all they're all playing with it i just
thought it was really neat
because that was i was his age i was one
year older than my son when i got a game
gear for christmas
and i even had the same games that i
played he was trying the uh the lion
king game for game gear actually very
good
and i think that's pretty much it for
the wan show
yeah
um
tom's hold on a second i got a super
chat tom cigar says i folded 25 million
for ltt thanks for schooling me what the
f is this you have been placed in time
up by the owner of this video or a
moderator
i don't know why you're in timeout but
it was a moderator not me so apparently
you got past it by paying to chat that's
really not the intended way for the
system to work
oh my goodness novovu says uh see that
facebook acquired jiffy i actually did
not see that
and apparently facebook uh settled
the post-traumatic stress disorder thing
to its content moderators i did not
actually see that either all right well
there you go thanks for watching guys
we'll see you again next week same bat
time same bat
[Music]
one second please
just gotta check something first real
quick here i'm just seeing if there's
anyone we know over on twitch who's
streaming right now oh i can end the
youtube stream and stream and stream bye
guys
what max steele says game gear sucked
you suck
let me know when we're off yeah i'm
rolling that intro
[Music]
no wait i'm still alive
yeah i know what you
oh no no i'm talking to anybody
oh good
[Music]